alright so we were heading out to Omaha
today to try to get some vehicles for
the tuk-tuk challenge ultimately we need
10 of these suckers to be able to put on
the challenge we need about 10 maybe a
couple to extra for parts and we've been
digging them out of old junkyards we've
been finding them on craigslist but we
got this guy just outside of lincoln and
he says that he's got six to ten of them
we don't know how exactly said it used
to be in the trash hauling business so
we're driving out to Lincoln to try to
talk to this guy and to convince him to
sell us all 10 of them because if we can
get 10 of them then the Iowa truck truck
challenge is on right
hey time lady doing right now I'm
hanging out over here at Wendy's right
instead of the right in the shadow of
the big your water tower son he say he's
got a giant white semi with military
stuff involved to this story keeps
getting better and better this guy's my
kind of cat Tom and his brothers have
been running the dad's business hauling
trash since they were 14 years old and
were old enough to drive these these tuk
tuks right did not touch touch their
Cushman's and his dad bought him each
one and they had like 10 of these things
and they would drive him up to the
ladies houses and literally pick up
trash at the door ding dong come get
your trash right and so they've been
running around and so we're meeting Tom
today Alan York Nebraska to try to buy a
tendency there's our man tom hola he got
the same with the military's joke just
like you said he says the first Rionda
tuk-tuks are all in his mom's barn which
is chock full of cats
hell if I know we're gonna succeed but
this is up
doesn't look like a cat house at all
let's shake his brother so we get out
there he opens up the garage and he's
right there looking it smells like like
cat piss all over this place holy crap
I've been going like one at a time in
this thing up till now and I'm like that
is six tuchuks right there and I know
there's more in the other garage it
sound like it was like like the skies
open up and I'm like it was serendipity
was meant to be you know we're gonna do
a big bro rally challenge so you ever
seen the movie Cannonball Run yeah oh
god well back Yeah right I got dibs on
the Dean Martin Kurt we were going to
we're gonna do a road rally challenge
where we take like the Fishman's we get
about ten teams of two proteins and we
have a starting line and we race them we
have a venue that we raise until we have
like challenges along the way like
amazing race type of deal lnb so we're
trying to get like about 10 of these
suckers together so that we can these
here if you want to pour much money
would run I'll tell you what let the
other guy yeah good on a Cushman yeah
we're square it's not like a Chevy pong
once the same
each one's different this one starts a
little different yeah once you get a
bull on fire so you got six in here is
that right six in here and they could be
made to run and he's showing us and some
of them got motors and some of them
don't have motors and some of them have
their transmissions over here there's
like these white helmets like up on the
wall which are awesome because we needed
white helmets that was part of the
outfit that we're going for for the
tuk-tuk challenge and so he shows up
these ones and then he takes us over to
the other garage now the first in the
first six don't they don't work so he
says he thinks those ones work they've
actually drove those into the garage as
the other ones they just kind of shoved
in there because they didn't work but
the three in this garage they work
and he's the guy down the trash pack er
I got another one down there that's like
I all these uh I got this wall of parts
I've got spare motors laying around i
got transmissions I've got everything it
needs we drive down to the tracks back
to the factory he get me lets us three
drive one of the Cushman's down there
which is kind of cool and we start
talking deals the part about trying to
figure out how to do it I mean I know
you told me just to drive out here and
try to figure something out to get the
whole clean up the garage but what do
you thinking make an offer guys jeez i
said i don't know in des moines i'm
paying like 350 to 500 bucks a pop for
him and I'm hauling him out what do you
think
hold at home so I'm like right but I can
get the whole thing for the five
thousand dollar budget I can get 10 of
these suckers that are street legal
they've got titles they've got them they
got the rear view mirrors they got the
windshield wipers on them they got
everything you need to be street-legal I
can get the whole tuk-tuk challenge all
in one shot here's the crazy thing
literally we were standing over there
and talking to him and the guy walks are
the front office and says that the guy
with the part store in Lincoln Nebraska
who owns the parts shop called just now
on the phone Master by all vehicles all
the Christmas and they said no tell them
that we just made a deal with you those
were good for words were installed in
the difference just not literally within
10 seconds after making the deal the guy
comes to file you are taking a break I'm
like yeah we're taking them no problem
so we were like we'll pick up all this
will take all the tuk-tuk we just got to
figure out the logistics on how we're
gonna haul him back to the morning so
like if it is literally like a dog
trying to chase a car and then the dog
catches the car by the bumper and it's
like what the hell put towards this car
now that's kind of the feeling and it's
been up till now it's been fine l will
find a touch up and we'll see if we can
do it now we got the tuk tuks and now we
actually got to put on an event with it
so we got ten tuk-tuks lined up we're
good to go we just got to figure out how
to get them back to the morning and then
tuck tuck challenges on oh that was
pretty much our day to day which is
friggin frickin awesome
hey